google > text
Welcome to Google!
By using our Services, you are agreeing to these terms.
Additional terms will be available with the relevant Services, and those additional terms become part of your agreement with us if you use those Services.
You must follow any policies made available to you within the Services.
We may suspend or stop providing our Services to you if you do not comply with our terms or policies or if we are investigating suspected misconduct.
You may not use content from our Services unless you obtain permission from its owner or are otherwise permitted by law.
We may review content to determine whether it is illegal or violates our policies, and we may remove or refuse to display content that we reasonably believe violates our policies or the law.
In connection with your use of the Services, we may send you service announcements, administrative messages, and other information.
Do not use such Services in a way that distracts you and prevents you from obeying traffic or safety laws.
If you are using a Google Account assigned to you by an administrator, different or additional terms may apply and your administrator may be able to access or disable your account.
If you learn of any unauthorized use of your password or Google Account, follow these instructions.
By using our Services, you agree that Google can use such data in accordance with our privacy policies.
We respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement and terminate accounts of repeat infringers according to the process set out in the U.S.
If you think somebody is violating your copyrights and want to notify us, you can find information about submitting notices and Google’s policy about responding to notices in our Help Center.
Some of our Services allow you to upload, submit, store, send or receive content.
When you upload, submit, store, send or receive content to or through our Services, you give Google (and those we work with) a worldwide license to use, host, store, reproduce, modify, create derivative works (such as those resulting from translations, adaptations or other changes we make so that your content works better with our Services), communicate, publish, publicly perform, publicly display and distribute such content.
Our automated systems analyze your content (including emails) to provide you personally relevant product features, such as customized search results, tailored advertising, and spam and malware detection.
We will respect the choices you make to limit sharing or visibility settings in your Google Account.
If you submit feedback or suggestions about our Services, we may use your feedback or suggestions without obligation to you.
Some Services may let you adjust your automatic update settings.
You may not copy, modify, distribute, sell, or lease any part of our Services or included software, nor may you reverse engineer or attempt to extract the source code of that software, unless laws prohibit those restrictions or you have our written permission.
There may be provisions in the open source license that expressly override some of these terms.
We may add or remove functionalities or features, and we may suspend or stop a Service altogether.
You can stop using our Services at any time, although we’ll be sorry to see you go.
We believe that you own your data and preserving your access to such data is important.
We provide our Services using a commercially reasonable level of skill and care and we hope that you will enjoy using them.
For example, we don’t make any commitments about the content within the Services, the specific functions of the Services, or their reliability, availability, or ability to meet your needs.
To the extent permitted by law, we exclude all warranties.
When permitted by law, Google, and Google’s suppliers and distributors, will not be responsible for lost profits, revenues, or data, financial losses or indirect, special, consequential, exemplary, or punitive damages.
If you are using the Services for a personal purpose, then nothing in these terms or any additional terms limits any consumer legal rights which may not be waived by contract.
If you are using our Services on behalf of a business, that business accepts these terms.
If you do not agree to the modified terms for a Service, you should discontinue your use of that Service.
These terms control the relationship between Google and you.
Otherwise, all claims arising out of or relating to these terms or the services will be litigated exclusively in the federal or state courts of Santa Clara County, California, USA, and you and Google consent to personal jurisdiction in those courts.

twitter > text
By using the Services you agree to be bound by these Terms.
You may use the Services only if you agree to form a binding contract with Twitter and are not a person barred from receiving services under the laws of the applicable jurisdiction.
Our Privacy Policy (https://www.twitter.com/privacy) describes how we handle the information you provide to us when you use our Services.
You should only provide Content that you are comfortable sharing with others.
Any use or reliance on any Content or materials posted via the Services or obtained by you through the Services is at your own risk.
We reserve the right to remove Content that violates the User Agreement, including for example, copyright or trademark violations, impersonation, unlawful conduct, or harassment.
1355 Market Street, Suite 900
1355 Market Street, Suite 900
Such additional uses by Twitter, or other companies, organizations or individuals, may be made with no compensation paid to you with respect to the Content that you submit, post, transmit or otherwise make available through the Services.
You understand that we may modify or adapt your Content as it is distributed, syndicated, published, or broadcast by us and our partners and/or make changes to your Content in order to adapt the Content to different media.
You agree that such Content will not contain material subject to copyright or other proprietary rights, unless you have necessary permission or are otherwise legally entitled to post the material and to grant Twitter the license described above.
You may use the Services only in compliance with these Terms and all applicable laws, rules and regulations.
We may stop (permanently or temporarily) providing the Services or any features within the Services to you or to users generally.
You may not do any of the following while accessing or using the Services: (i) access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the Services, Twitter’s computer systems, or the technical delivery systems of Twitter’s providers; (ii) probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any system or network or breach or circumvent any security or authentication measures; (iii) access or search or attempt to access or search the Services by any means (automated or otherwise) other than through our currently available, published interfaces that are provided by Twitter (and only pursuant to the applicable terms and conditions), unless you have been specifically allowed to do so in a separate agreement with Twitter (NOTE: crawling the Services is permissible if done in accordance with the provisions of the robots.txt file, however, scraping the Services without the prior consent of Twitter is expressly prohibited); (iv) forge any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or posting, or in any way use the Services to send altered, deceptive or false source-identifying information; or (v) interfere with, or disrupt, (or attempt to do so), the access of any user, host or network, including, without limitation, sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, mail-bombing the Services, or by scripting the creation of Content in such a manner as to interfere with or create an undue burden on the Services.
If you use developer features of the Services, including but not limited to Twitter for Websites (https://dev.twitter.com/web/overview), Twitter Cards (https://dev.twitter.com/cards/overview), Public API (https://dev.twitter.com/streaming/public), or Sign in with Twitter (https://dev.twitter.com/web/sign-in), you agree to our Developer Agreement (https://dev.twitter.com/overview/terms/agreement) and Developer Policy (https://dev.twitter.com/overview/terms/policy).
We may need to provide you with certain communications, such as service announcements and administrative messages.
This license has the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the Services as provided by Twitter, in the manner permitted by these Terms.
We will make reasonable efforts to notify you by the email address associated with your account or the next time you attempt to access your account, depending on the circumstances.
Your access to and use of the Services or any Content are at your own risk.
By continuing to access or use the Services after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms.
In the event that any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, then that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary, and the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in full force and effect.
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.

facebook > text
We use the data we have - for example, about the connections you make, the choices and settings you select, and what you share and do on and off our Products - to personalize your experience.

twitter > url
Twitter Terms of Service
We will make reasonable efforts to notify you by the emailaddress associated with your account or the next time you attempt to access youraccount, depending on the circumstances.

google > url
Google Terms of Service – Privacy & Terms – Google
If you areusing a Google Account assigned to you by an administrator, different oradditional terms may apply and your administrator may be able to access ordisable your account

facebook > url
Update Your Browser | Facebook