twitter > url
summary
Please review the Twitter Rules (and, for Periscope, the Periscope Community Guidelines at https://www.pscp.tv/content), which are part of the User Agreement and outline what is prohibited on the Services.

You may use the Services only in compliance with these Terms and all applicable laws, rules and regulations.

In consideration for Twitter granting you access to and use of the Services, you agree that Twitter and its third-party providers and partners may place advertising on the Services or in connection with the display of Content or information from the Services whether submitted by you or others.

If you want to reproduce, modify, create derivative works, distribute, sell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, or otherwise use the Services or Content on the Services, you must use the interfaces and instructions we provide, except as permitted through the Twitter Services, these Terms, or the terms provided on dev.twitter.com.

keywords
You may use the Services only in compliance with these Terms and all applicable laws, rules and regulations.

We also reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as we reasonably believe is necessary to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, (ii) enforce the Terms, including investigation of potential violations hereof, (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, (iv) respond to user support requests, or (v) protect the rights, property or safety of Twitter, its users and the public.

twitter > text
summary
By using the Services you agree to be bound by these Terms.

1. Who May Use the Services You may use the Services only if you agree to form a binding contract with Twitter and are not a person barred from receiving services under the laws of the applicable jurisdiction.

Content on the Services You are responsible for your use of the Services and for any Content you provide, including compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations.

All Content is the sole responsibility of the person who originated such Content.

We may not monitor or control the Content posted via the Services and, we cannot take responsibility for such Content.

Twitter has an evolving set of rules for how ecosystem partners can interact with your Content on the Services.

This license has the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the Services as provided by Twitter, in the manner permitted by these Terms.

The Services are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States and foreign countries.

The laws of the State of California, excluding its choice of law provisions, will govern these Terms and any dispute that arises between you and Twitter.

keywords
Using the Services Please review the Twitter Rules (and, for Periscope, the Periscope Community Guidelines at https://www.pscp.tv/content), which are part of the User Agreement and outline what is prohibited on the Services.

We may suspend or terminate your account or cease providing you with all or part of the Services at any time for any or no reason, including, but not limited to, if we reasonably believe: (i) you have violated these Terms or the Twitter Rules or Periscope Community Guidelines, (ii) you create risk or possible legal exposure for us; (iii) your account should be removed due to prolonged inactivity; or (iv) our provision of the Services to you is no longer commercially viable.

facebook > text
summary
These Terms govern your use of Facebook and the products, features, apps, services, technologies, and software we offer (the Facebook Products or Products), except where we expressly state that separate terms (and not these) apply.

Our Services Our mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together.

Combat harmful conduct and protect and support our community: People will only build community on Facebook if they feel safe.

We share data with other Facebook Companies when we detect misuse or harmful conduct by someone using one of our Products.

Provide consistent and seamless experiences across the Facebook Company Products: Our Products help you find and connect with people, groups, businesses, organizations, and others that are important to you.

This infrastructure may be operated or controlled by Facebook, Inc., Facebook Ireland Limited, or its affiliates.

Our Data Policy and Your Privacy Choices To provide these services, we must collect and use your personal data.

Updating our Terms We work constantly to improve our services and develop new features to make our Products better for you and our community.

Other terms and policies that may apply to you Community Standards: These guidelines outline our standards regarding the content you post to Facebook and your activity on Facebook and other Facebook Products.

Advertising Policies: These policies specify what types of ad content are allowed by partners who advertise across the Facebook Products.

Developer Payment Terms: These terms apply to developers of applications that use Facebook Payments.

Commerce Policies: These guidelines outline the policies that apply when you offer products and services for sale on Facebook.

Facebook Brand Resources: These guidelines outline the policies that apply to use of Facebook trademarks, logos, and screenshots.

Music Guidelines: These guidelines outline the policies that apply if you post or share content containing music on Facebook.


keywords:
Other terms and policies that may apply to you Community Standards: These guidelines outline our standards regarding the content you post to Facebook and your activity on Facebook and other Facebook Products.

Facebook Platform Policy: These guidelines outline the policies that apply to your use of our Platform (for example, for developers or operators of a Platform application or website or if you use social plugins).

Commerce Policies: These guidelines outline the policies that apply when you offer products and services for sale on Facebook.

Facebook Brand Resources: These guidelines outline the policies that apply to use of Facebook trademarks, logos, and screenshots.

Music Guidelines: These guidelines outline the policies that apply if you post or share content containing music on Facebook.

facebook > url
summary
What you can share and do on Facebook We want people to use Facebook to express themselves and to share content that is important to them, but not at the expense of the safety and well-being of others or the integrity of our community.

We may also disable your account if you repeatedly infringe other people's intellectual property rights.Where appropriate, we will take steps to notify you when we remove your content for violating our Community Standards .

We may not be able to provide notice in all cases, for example if we are prohibited from doing so by law or where it might harm our community or the integrity of our Products.To help support our community, we encourage you to report content or conduct that you believe violates your rights (including intellectual property rights ) or our terms and policies.

keywords:
We may not be able to provide notice in all cases, for example if we are prohibited from doing so by law or where it might harm our community or the integrity of our Products.To help support our community, we encourage you to report content or conduct that you believe violates your rights (including intellectual property rights ) or our terms and policies.

google > text
summary
Additional terms will be available with the relevant Services, and those additional terms become part of your agreement with us if you use those Services.

Privacy and Copyright Protection Google’s privacy policies explain how we treat your personal data and protect your privacy when you use our Services.

We provide information to help copyright holders manage their intellectual property online.

Your Content in our Services Some of our Services allow you to upload, submit, store, send or receive content.

This license continues even if you stop using our Services (for example, for a business listing you have added to Google Maps).

Some Services may offer you ways to access and remove content that has been provided to that Service.

We will respect the choices you make to limit sharing or visibility settings in your Google Account.

You can find more information about how Google uses and stores content in the privacy policy or additional terms for particular Services.

Google gives you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to use the software provided to you by Google as part of the Services.

However, changes addressing new functions for a Service or changes made for legal reasons will be effective immediately.

keywords
Our Services are very diverse, so sometimes additional terms or product requirements (including age requirements) may apply.

Additional terms will be available with the relevant Services, and those additional terms become part of your agreement with us if you use those Services.

You can find more information about how Google uses and stores content in the privacy policy or additional terms for particular Services.

Other than as expressly set out in these terms or additional terms, neither Google nor its suppliers or distributors make any specific promises about the Services.

About these Terms We may modify these terms or any additional terms that apply to a Service to, for example, reflect changes to the law or changes to our Services.

If there is a conflict between these terms and the additional terms, the additional terms will control for that conflict.

By using our Services, you are agreeing to these terms.

These terms do not grant you the right to use any branding or logos used in our Services.

This license is for the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the Services as provided by Google, in the manner permitted by these terms.

There may be provisions in the open source license that expressly override some of these terms.

To the extent permitted by law, the total liability of Google, and its suppliers and distributors, for any claims under these terms, including for any implied warranties, is limited to the amount you paid us to use the Services (or, if we choose, to supplying you the Services again).

If you are using the Services for a personal purpose, then nothing in these terms or any additional terms limits any consumer legal rights which may not be waived by contract.

Business uses of our Services If you are using our Services on behalf of a business, that business accepts these terms.

It will hold harmless and indemnify Google and its affiliates, officers, agents, and employees from any claim, suit or action arising from or related to the use of the Services or violation of these terms, including any liability or expense arising from claims, losses, damages, suits, judgments, litigation costs and attorneys’ fees.

You should look at the terms regularly.

We’ll post notice of modifications to these terms on this page.

These terms control the relationship between Google and you.

If you do not comply with these terms, and we don’t take action right away, this doesn’t mean that we are giving up any rights that we may have (such as taking action in the future).

If you reside in one of those countries, then where California law is excluded from applying, your country’s laws will apply to such disputes related to these terms.

Otherwise, you agree that the laws of California, U.S.A., excluding California’s choice of law rules, will apply to any disputes arising out of or relating to these terms or the Services.

Similarly, if the courts in your country will not permit you to consent to the jurisdiction and venue of the courts in Santa Clara County, California, U.S.A., then your local jurisdiction and venue will apply to such disputes related to these terms.

Otherwise, all claims arising out of or relating to these terms or the services will be litigated exclusively in the federal or state courts of Santa Clara County, California, USA, and you and Google consent to personal jurisdiction in those courts.

google > url
summary
Google Terms of Service The Terms of Service are currently only available in the German language.

The Services are provided to you by Google LLC ("Google"), Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.

Use of Our Services You are responsible for complying with the policies that apply to our services.

You may not use content from our services, unless you have the consent of the copyright holder or are otherwise authorized to use it.

By posting copyrighted or otherwise proprietary content to our services, you grant Google, Google's affiliates, and Google's affiliates the necessary, non-exclusive, worldwide, and indefinite rights free of charge, solely for the purpose of providing the content service and only to the extent necessary to use.

Certain services may be subject to additional conditions that provide for the granting of further rights.

For more information on how Google uses and stores content, please refer to our privacy policy or

Exceptions apply only if they are legally permitted or you have a written consent from Google.

Except as expressly stated in these Terms of Use or the Additional Terms, Google or its affiliates or Google's suppliers or distributors make no specific representations or warranties with respect to the Services.

About These Terms of Use Google may reasonably adjust these Terms of Use or any additional terms for any particular service, for example to reflect changes in the legal framework or changes in our services.

keywords

Such additional terms will be provided in connection with the relevant services and will become part of your relationship with us once you use these services.

Certain services may be subject to additional conditions that provide for the granting of further rights.

in the additional terms for certain services.

Except as expressly stated in these Terms of Use or the Additional Terms, Google or its affiliates or Google's suppliers or distributors make no specific representations or warranties with respect to the Services.

We will post notice of changes to additional terms within the service in question.

In the event of any conflict between these Terms of Use and any Additional Terms, the additional terms shall prevail on a case-by-case basis.